Fix regression on dynamic sibling trees and index inside rest parameter folders (#9786)
withastro/astro: .changeset/six-shrimps-glow.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fix regression in routing priority for index pages in rest parameter folders and dynamic sybling trees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a regression in routing priority for index pages in rest parameter folders and dynamic sibling trees.
```
